README.md, before:


# Mood Board

User Story
-------------------------------------

As a user
I want to be able to enter my name on the homepage and select from mood choices available
I want to select from different movies when I am feeling chipper
I want to select from different comedies when I am feeling bummed
I want to select from different documentaries when I am curious
I want to select from different shows when I am hangry
I want to select from different romantic drama series when I am feeling flirty


I WANT to view suggestions on how I could go about my day based on my mood
I WANT to see my daily horoscope reading & other astrology features based on my zodiac sign
I WANT to read inspiring quotes or funny jokes
I WANT to view popular movies or food recipes based on how I'm feeling


The Horoscope Mood Board Description
-------------------------------------

The purpose of this application will be to assist you in having your best day, depending on how your horoscope made you feel. If you find your horoscope inspiring, you will be provided with quotes, jokes, recipes, and movie choices to help your inspiration grow. These results will change depending on your selected mood. 


Examples of APIs we May Use
-------------------------------------

Horoscope: https://rapidapi.com/sameer.kumar/api/aztro
Quotes: https://rapidapi.com/martin.svoboda/api/quotes15
Jokes: https://rapidapi.com/LemmoTresto/api/joke3
Musics Spotify: https://rapidapi.com/stefan.skliarov/api/Spotify
Movies: https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/imdb8
Recipes: https://rapidapi.com/spoonacular/api/recipe-food-nutrition

Commit message:

changes to acceptance criteria and user story

README.md, after:


# Mood Board

User Story
-------------------------------------

As a user
I want to be able to click on different mood choices on the homepage
I want to select from different movies choices when I am feeling chipper
I want to select from different comedy choices when I am feeling bummed
I want to select from different documentaries when I am feeling curious
I want to select from different shows when I am feeling hangry
I want to select from different movies when I am distracted
I want to select from different romantic drama series when I am feeling flirty
I want to select from different movies when I am feeling grumpy
I want to select from different when I am feeling stressed

Acceptance Criteria
-------------------------------------
User must be able to click on different mood choices
User must be directed to the associated movie choices when the chipper button is selected
User must be directed to the associated comedy choices when the bummed button is selected
User must be directed to the associated documentaries when the curious button is selected
User must be directed to the associated shows when the hangry button is selected
User must be directed to the associated movie choices when the distracted button is selected
User must be directed to the associated romantic drama when the flirty button is selected
User must be directed to the associated movie choices when the grumpy button is selected
User must be directed to the associated movie choices when the stressed button is selected
Each movie, documentary or commedy must be displayed in a card
Each movie, documentary or commedy must show ratings
Wach movie, documentary or comedy must show the learn more button
The learn more button must show details about the movie, comedy or documentary

Examples of APIs we May Use
-------------------------------------

Horoscope: https://rapidapi.com/sameer.kumar/api/aztro
Quotes: https://rapidapi.com/martin.svoboda/api/quotes15
Jokes: https://rapidapi.com/LemmoTresto/api/joke3
Musics Spotify: https://rapidapi.com/stefan.skliarov/api/Spotify
Movies: https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/imdb8
Recipes: https://rapidapi.com/spoonacular/api/recipe-food-nutrition
